[MM-24686] Adding the Mattermost Cloud Database Factory microservice. (#1)
mattermost/mattermost-cloud-database-factory: README.md

3. Specify the region in your AWS config, e.g. `~/.aws/config`:
```
[profile mm-cloud]
region = us-east-1
```
4. Generate an AWS Access and Secret key pair, then export them in your bash profile:
  ```
  export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=YOURACCESSKEYID
  export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=YOURSECRETACCESSKEY
  export AWS_PROFILE=mm-cloud
  ```
5. Create an S3 bucket to store the terraform state
6. Clone this repository into your GOPATH (or anywhere if you have Go Modules enabled)

### Building

Simply run the following:

```
$ go install ./cmd/database-factory
```

### Running

Run the server with:

```
$ dbfactory server
```
where dbfactory is an alias for /go/bin/dbfactory

### Testing

Run the go tests to test:

```
$ go test ./...
```

### Deploying RDS Aurora Clusters

Deploy a RDS Cluster with the command-line:

```
dbfactory cluster create --environment <environment> --vpc-id vpc-xxxxxx --state-store=<state_storage_bucket> --instance-type <db_instance_type> --apply
```
or via a API call:

```json
{
    "vpcID": "",
    "environment": "",
    "stateStore": "",
    "apply": true,
    "instanceType": "",
    "clusterID": "",
    "backupRetentionPeriod" : ""
}
```

> The clusterID is important for identifying the several deployments. If not clusterID is passes, a random 8-digit id is generated. If a clusterID of an existing cluster is specified, Terraform will try to update the existing cluster configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The clusterID value is important for determining how the database factory will behave. If not clusterID is passed in, a random 8-digit ID is generated. If a clusterID of an existing cluster is specified, Terraform will try to update the existing cluster configuration.
```
